README.md, before:

# Important Notes
***I am not affiliated with ABI in any official capacity, these mods are not endorsed or outright permitted by ABI and are subject to scrutiny*** 
> If you would like to learn more about the modding guidelines for ChilloutVR [Click Here](https://documentation.abinteractive.net/official/legal/tos/#7-modding-our-games)

# Work In Progress  
## VRCPlates (Classic Plates)
A modification to bring the beloved nameplates of 2018 VRChat to ChilloutVR.

![Classic Nameplates](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FSCodingWaifu/VRChatMods/main/classic_nameplate.png)

### Features
- Profile Pictures
- Rank and Customizable colors
- Resizable and Adjustable
- Developer Tags

### Compatability Notes  

***Nameplates are seperate objects and will not impede on other mod features, you can disable or enable the nameplates live within the game to access incompatible features***
> Directly editing your MelonPreferences.cfg file will not update the nameplates and cause issues.

### Known Issues
> There is an error thrown from method `NameplateManager.SetRawImage` for Error 404. This is due to Profile Pictures being broken on ABI's end and is the same error thrown for the normal nameplates as well

### Work in Progress
- Badge instantiation 
- Nameplate Stats 
- Avatar Loading Bars
- Setting Presets 


# Planned Mods  
## World Map 
Adds an interactable map into the game, either attached to your hand, on your hud, or evn *possibly* as a spawnable table.
### Planned Features
- Spawnable Map Table  
- Hud details such as Coordinates and a Compass  
- Visible waypoints/beacons  
- Player Locator

Commit message:

ClassicPlates Finally Released
Also added legal disclaimers in the fallout of the Private Server takedown

README.md, after:

# Important Notes
***I am not affiliated with ABI in any official capacity, these mods are not endorsed or outright permitted by ABI and are subject to scrutiny*** 
> If you would like to learn more about the modding guidelines for ChilloutVR [Click Here](https://documentation.abinteractive.net/official/legal/tos/#7-modding-our-games)

# Released Mods 
## VRCPlates (Classic Plates)
A modification to bring the beloved nameplates of 2018 VRChat to ChilloutVR.

![Classic Nameplates](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FSCodingWaifu/VRChatMods/main/classic_nameplate.png)

## Disclaimer  
> ***All assets within this mod were created from scratch with the core premise of recreating the original experience of VRChat. These assets are not owned or endorsed by VRChat.***
> ***Furthermore, these nameplates operate under the guidelines set by the CEO of ABI for nameplate modification by prominently displaying staff***

### Features
- Profile Pictures
- Rank and Customizable colors
- Resizable and Adjustable
- Developer Tags

### Compatability Notes  

***Nameplates are seperate objects and will not impede on other mod features, you can disable or enable the nameplates live within the game to access incompatible features***
> Directly editing your MelonPreferences.cfg file will not update the nameplates and cause issues.

### Known Issues
> There is an error thrown from method `NameplateManager.SetRawImage` for Error 404. This is due to Profile Pictures being broken on ABI's end and is the same error thrown for the normal nameplates as well

### Work in Progress
- Badge instantiation 
- Nameplate Stats 
- Avatar Loading Bars
- Setting Presets 


# Planned Mods  
## World Map 
Adds an interactable map into the game, either attached to your hand, on your hud, or evn *possibly* as a spawnable table.
### Planned Features
- Spawnable Map Table  
- Hud details such as Coordinates and a Compass  
- Visible waypoints/beacons  
- Player Locator
